feat: add dynamic secret masking doc (#341)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/concepts/stack/stack-settings.md

!!! info
    These scripts can be overridden by the [runtime configuration](../configuration/runtime-configuration/README.md#before_init-scripts) specified in the `.spacelift/config.yml` file.

### Runtime commands

Spacelift can handle special commands to change the workflow behavior.
Runtime commands use the echo command in a specific format.

You could use those commands in any lifecycle step of the workflow.

![stack_runtime_command](../../assets/screenshots/stack_runtime_command.png)

```bash
echo "::command arg1 arg2"
```

> Below is a list of supported commands. See more detailed doc after the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a list of supported commands. See the more detailed doc after this table.
```

| Command                   | Description                                    |
|---------------------------|------------------------------------------------|

> | [`::add-mask`](#add-mask) | Allow to set values to be masked in the output |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`::add-mask`](#add-mask) | Adds a set of values that should be masked in log output |
```

#### ::add-mask

When you mask a value, it is treated as a secret and will be redacted in the logs output.

> Each masked word separated by whitespace is replaced with five * character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each masked word separated by whitespace is replaced with five `*` characters.
```

##### Example

```bash

> # Multiples masks can be set with a single command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multiple masks can be set with a single command
```
